Update schedule list and other metadata (#127)
esciencecenter-digital-skills/workshop-metadata: ds-research-software-support/advertisement.md

> Research software is a topic of growing interest for many researchers. While supporting researchers, you can expect more and more software related questions regarding software management plans (SMPs) or how to publish software. As you are probably not developing software (full-time) yourself, this workshop may be a good opportunity for you to improve and test your knowledge around basic concepts of research software and help you to feel more ready for software related questions in the future. No programming skills required!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Research software is a topic of growing interest for many researchers. While supporting researchers, you can expect more and more software related questions regarding software management plans (SMPs) or how to publish software. As you are probably not developing software (full-time) yourself, this workshop may be a good opportunity for you to improve and test your knowledge of basic concepts of research software and help you feel more ready to answer software related questions in the future. No prior programming skills are required!
```
